=pod

=head1 Config-Apple-Profile: Make Apple Configuration Profiles in Perl

Apple provides users with a way to configure Apple devices (running iOS or Mac
OS X) using ready-made configuration files, which Apple calls
B<Configuration Profiles>.  This suite of Perl modules is intended to aid
people who would like to generate their own configuration profiles, without
having to mess around with the XML themselves.

Configuration profiles can be used by iOS and Mac OS X to set a number of
general and user-specific items.  Examples include:

=over 4

=item *

Configuring an LDAP server, for directory search in Mail and Contacts.

=item *

Specifying password requirements to match company policy (and common sense).

=item *

Configuring an email account, with or without a user's credentials.

=item *

Adding new certificate authorities.

=back

Configuration profiles can be pre-made static files, or they can be
dynamically-generated with configurations (such as usernames and passwords)
that are specific to a user.  Configuration profiles may be encrypted (so they
may only be read on a specific device) and signed (to verify that they have not
been modified by anyone other than the profile's creator).

Much more information is available in the POD-format documentation embedded in
each module. 

=head2 Installation

Installing the distribution is fairly straightforward.  This release uses
C<Module::Build>, so installation can be completed by running four commands:

	perl -w Build.PL
	./Build
	./Build test
	./Build install

This release relies on a number of dependencies, but they should be easy to
install:

=over 4

=item *

Data::GUID

=item *

DateTime and DateTime::Format::Flexible

=item *

Email::Valid

=item *

Exporter::Easy

=item *

Mac::PropertyList

=item *

Readonly

B<NOTE:> C<Readonly::XS> is not required, nor is it even necessary any more.

=item *

Regexp::Common

=item *

Try::Tiny

=back

The lowest version of Perl supported is 5.10.1, due to the version requirements
of our dependencies.

=head2 Documentation

All of the Perl modules have POD embedded throughout.  To get the documentation
on a particular module, you can use C<perldoc> after installation, for example:

    perldoc Config::Apple::Profile

The documentation in C<Config::Apple::Profile> is a good place for new clients
to start reading.

Documentation can also be found on CPAN at
L<http://search.cpan.org/search?query=Config::Apple::Profile&mode=module>.

Your code editor probably also has some way of easily accessing module docs.

=head2 Issues

The repository for this software is Github.  You can find us here:

L<https://github.com/akkornel/Config-Apple-Profile>

If you have a bug, it should be reported on the Github issue tracker, here:

L<https://github.com/akkornel/Config-Apple-Profile/issues>

Contributions are welcome!  At the very least, git-generated patches are needed,
and Github pull requests are preferred, especially if your contribution is
closing one or more existing issues!

=head2 Copyright and License

This release is copyright © 2014 A. Karl Kornel

This program is free software; you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of either: the GNU General Public License as published
by the Free Software Foundation; or the Artistic License.

See L<http://dev.perl.org/licenses/> for more information.

The files C<Acknowledgement.otf> and C<Acknowledgement.ttf>
in the C<t/files> directory is licensed under the SIL Open Font License, version
1.1, a copy of which is included in this release and may also be downloaded at
L<http://scripts.sil.org/cms/scripts/page.php?site_id=nrsi&id=OFL>.